Blog post for 1.3.3 release (#111)
mumble-voip/mumble-www: hugo/content/downloads.md

---
We provide downloads for the official client and server programs. A Linux distribution may provide their own packages and have their own maintainer, which we will describe below. We also link to some third party projects.

> Version 1.3.3 is the latest stable version of Mumble and was released on July 08, 2020.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 1.3.3 is the latest stable version of Mumble and was released on October 5th, 2020.
```
